Who are you, and why should I order from you?

We are one of the oldest printing houses, and have been around more than 15 years of experience in printing technology.
We offer the best quality and afforable printing services, delivered and printed at our in house printing unit.

Does your site provide online designing option ?
Currently we do not have an interface to let our users design on the web. However it is a part of our future update.

I have a ready design, but few modification needs to be made. Can I get it modified before printing?
Yes, feel free to contact us with your query, our design team will help you with the modifications, if possible, and you may complete the ordering your job on our site.

Do you offer design services?
Yes, basic designs for visiting cards, letterhead, mugs etc will be provided free of cost.
Note: Logos and additional details to be added must be provide by you.

I have a large commercial order. Can you give me a customised quote ?

Yes, we provide the best possible rate for large bulk orders. Please feel free to contact us at ______ or mail us at sales@jvprintsllp.com. Our team will be happy to help you.

Can I cancel my order?

Currently there is no option for a customer to cancel the order on their own once the payment is made. Contact us at info@jvprintsllp.com within 24 hours, we can try to cancel it, provided the order has not gone into production. If the cancellation request happens after 24 hours or if production has been started already, we cannot entertain any request.

Is there any cancellation fee?
Orders below Rs.1500 will be cancelled for free.
Orders above Rs.1500 will be charged a cancellation fee of 3.5% of the order value. The remaining amount will be refunded after dectucting this charge.


How long does it take to deliver my order?

Once the artwork or design is approved from your side, it is sent for production the same day. Depending on the product you have order you can expect your product to reach you within 2-8 business days.

What are the recommended file/artwork upload specifications?

It would be best if you can provide us with .cdr,.ai,.eps,.psd,.pdf files.
For image files like JPEG,PNG,PDF formats please ensure that the same is not a low resolution file. At least a 300 dpi resolution file is normally suggested to avoid blurry images or pixalated prints.

What are your return and refund policies?

At jvprintsllp.com, we strive to provide our customers with an easy and seamless printing experience.
Due to the nature of the products we offer, orders once fulfilled and shipped cannot be returned and no refund will be provided.
However, if you are not 100% satisfied with your order or have recieved a damaged product, please contact us within 48 hours of reciept of order.You may be requested to share photos of the product defect and/or ship the defective product back to us. Determination of defect is solely at the our discretion and our decision will be final in this regard, no refund shall be provided if your order is found to be ineligible for return process.
No request will be entertained after 48 hours of sucessful delivery of your order.

What is difference between RGB and CMYK?
RGB is a combination of Red, Green and Blue which is used in display devices like Monitors, mobiles, TVs etc. While CMYK is used in pigment process such as printing. Due to slight variation in both of these colour profiles, there will always be a slight colour variation between the design as seen on our screen and the final printed product.
We try to match the colour combination to the best possible extent, so you always get the product delivered to your door step.

What are the payment options available?
You can pay for your orders by using your debit or credit cards. For large amount you may contact us and will try to help you with your issue.
You can transact on our website without any fear as it is SSL-secured and we have employed a very secure payment gateway.

Where should I send my artwork/files ?
You can send us your files via mail at orders@jvprintsllp.com along with your ORDER ID. Our team will review it and contact you for design proofing and once approved by you, it will taken into production for printing.

What is Spot UV in visiting cards?
Spot UV visting cards will have a raised glossy effect on the portion/matter of the card that you need with spot UV.

Do you have any shipping charges?
No, we provide FREE shipping across India. No hidden costs to your checkout amount !

Are the prices inclusive of taxes?
Yes, all the product prices listed on our site are inclusive of GST and shipping charges. No starnge increase in your checkout amounts.

I want the product before a specific date, is it possible?
Feel free to reach out to us. If possible, we will try our level best to deliver your product before time, else give you an alternate option.

Do you provide printing services for Corporates?
Yes, we do provide specialised printing services for corporates. Contact us at sales@jvprintsllp.com and we will contact you as soon as possible.




